Adds `hasState` optional arg and renames useEntry to useState (#9)
chadwatson/react-remote-resource: README.md

import {
  createSingleEntryResource,
  createKeyedResource,
  RemoteResourceBoundary
} from "react-remote-resource";

const userResource = createSingleEntryResource(userId =>
  fetch(`/api/users/${userId}`).then(res => res.json())
);

const tweetsResource = createKeyedResource(
  userId => userId,
  userId => fetch(`/api/users/${userId}/tweets`).then(res => res.json()),
  10000
);

const UserInfo = ({ userId }) => {
  const [user] = userResource.useState(userId);

>   const [tweets] = tweetsResource.useState(userId);

Reviewer: **Discussion Note**

Should we remove all references to entry? For example `createSingleEntryResource` and the `What is a resource entry?` sections?

>   const [tweets] = tweetsResource.useState(userId);

Author: I wondered about that. What would we name `createSingleEntryResource` then?

>   const [tweets] = tweetsResource.useState(userId);

Reviewer: Hrm, `createSingleResource` or `createSimpleResource` may work?

## React Hooks

### `resource.useState`

A React hook that takes an optional array of arguments and returns a tuple, very much like React's `useState`. Unlike React's `useState`, however, the state is not local to the component. Any other components that are using the state of that same resource get updated immediately with the new state!

```javascript
const [post, setPost] = postsResource.useState(postId);
```

Let's look at an example to understand how this works.

Take the following resource:

```javascript
const tweetsResource = createKeyedResource(
  userId => userId,
  userId => fetch(`/api/users/${userId}/tweets`).then(res => res.json())
);
```

> This resource can fetch and store tweets for multiple users. Once it has fetched the tweets for a user it won't re-fetch them. Let's create a component that will render a user's tweets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource fetches and stores tweets organized by userId. Once it has fetched the tweets for a user it won't re-fetch them. Let's create a component that will render a user's tweets.
```

```jsx
const UserTweets = ({ userId }) => {
  const [tweets] = tweetsResource.useState(userId);

  return (
    <ul>
      {tweets.map(tweet => (
        <li key={tweet.id}>
          <article>
            <p>{tweet.message}</p>
            <footer>
              <small>{tweet.date}</small>
            </footer>
          </article>
        </li>
      ))}
    </ul>
  );
};
```

> When `UserTweets` renders, the `useState` hook will take the given `userId`, check if tweets have been fetched for this user, and if they have they will be returned as the first item in the tuple. If they haven't then the loader function will be called and the returned promise will be thrown, which will be caught by the nearest `RemoteResourceBoundary`. Whatever data the promise resolves with will be set as the tweets for that user. Now that the data has been received for this user the component will re-render with the new data. If the component re-renders after this the loader function will not be called since the tweets have already been fetched. We will always get back the latest state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `UserTweets` renders, the `useState` hook will take the given `userId`, and check if tweets have been fetched for this user. If they have, they will be returned as the first item in the tuple. If they haven't then the loader function will be called and the returned promise will be thrown, which will be caught by the nearest `RemoteResourceBoundary`. Whatever data the promise resolves with will be set as the tweets for that user. Once the data has been received for this user, the state will be set and the component will re-render with the new state. If the component re-renders after this the loader function will not be called since the tweets have already been fetched. We will always get back the latest state.
```

          onChange={({ target }) =>
            setProfile({ ...profile, firstName: target.value })
          }
        />
      </label>
      <label>
        Last Name
        <input
          type="text"
          value={profile.lastName}
          onChange={({ target }) =>
            setProfile({ ...profile, lastName: target.value })
          }
        />
      </label>
      <label>
        Email
        <input
          type="text"
          value={profile.email}
          onChange={({ target }) =>
            setProfile({ ...profile, email: target.value })
          }
        />
      </label>
    </section>
  );
};
```

Notice that there's no save button! We're using an optimistic UI, where we update the local state immediately and then save it to our API after the fact. This can really help you remove friction for your users.

**Pro Tip!**: Since `useState` is just a React hook, you can create custom hooks with it!

```javascript
const authTokenResource = createSingleEntryResource(
  () =>
    new Promise(resolve => resolve(localStorage.getItem("authToken") || ""))
);

const profileResource = createSingleEntryResource(authToken =>
  fetch("/my_profile", {
    headers: {

>       Authorization: authToken

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Authorization: `Bearer ${authToken}`
```
